{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14200\viewh15220\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 SNAP. Okay, someone else is doing Space Wars. Now what?
\b0 \
\
x2\'97shit got real. Also now what.\
\
Um.\
\
The mini-game sounds like Advance Wars or something. Not quite what we're going after?\
\
Focus on differentiation, I suppose. What outside of Civ and Risk can we incorporate? Is a diplomacy system or an environment modification system (i.e. crack planets, capture asteroids, implode stars) unique?\
\
Aspects of RTS games such as 
\b AoE
\b0 , 
\b Total Annihilation
\b0 . I feel like we don't want to go full-on real-time (I certainly don't). On the other hand, why not?\
\
So the game's graph-based\'85one obstacle is how rigid that movement graph is going to be.\
\

\b Our differentiation is combat then?\
\
We haven't heard any Civ references.\
\
@#$% \'97 x3 super combo. That's four groups making a space war/combat-type game.\
\
YASCpRG \'97 Yet Another Space Combat in pseudo-Realtime Game\
\
Rate of play\'97scale to 5-10 minutes. The bigger your tech tree, the longer the game's going to take.\
\
TA had good timing and progression.\
\
Expansion\
Conquering / Capturing / Holding\
Destruction (or the opposite)\
\
What's the main mechanic?\

\b0 Combat is something most of the other groups didn't talk about. Perhaps because they were focused on turn-based strategy.\
\
Lots of discussion about TA's model of resource influx.\
\
Less about tech, more about strategy?\
\
Resource mechanics like Settlers of Catan.\
\
Auto unit creation and management, plus rock-paper-scissors-style unit superiority.\
\
Planets exert influence.\
\
Trade routes to link planetary resources.\
\
Attacks from multiple directions and fronts.\
\
Stretch goal: saving and loading games.\
\
Big question: in the end, is it real-time or turn-based?}